The Joe Rogan experience.
What do you think of all this Pentagon UFO we've recovered crafts,
not of this world.
Uh, okay. Yeah, I think, um, two things I think again,
can always be true at the same time. Um,
I don't think we're the only intelligent life out there. I mean,
I'm classifying us as intelligent. Um, but, um,
I also don't think we're hiding some alien spacecraft somewhere.
Um, so.
Why do you think the Pentagon would come out and say something like that?
Well, I, I think w um, look we did, uh, with, with, uh,
he comes up here, comes a pitch for my show, um,
for black folks to classify black fellows to class. So black.
Files declassified. And how could one watch this show? Oh.
God, that was a good first season. Wasn't it? Um,
it was on discovery on science channel.
Discovery. I love the science channel.
We did an episode on, on, uh,
advanced aeronautics threat identification program, a tip,
which was the Pentagon's admitted, you know, came out and said, yes, we have a,
uh, a program that we ran a program it's no longer in existence called ATP,
which was designed to identify, uh, unidentified aviation threats,
basically. So it's not talking about UFO's necessarily. It could be Austel,
you know, prototype aircraft that, you know, it was what, what is the.
I talked to commander Fravor, David Fravor,
David was in here and he explained his incident off of the coast of San
Diego. And he said they track this thing.
It dropped from 60,000 feet to one foot above the sea in a second.
Yeah, he wasn't, it wasn't just him seeing this. Right.
There was a radar operators.
On board and, uh, his wing man. Exactly. Yeah. So,
but I think, um, they.
Said it was tracking them and then it actually actively blocked their tracking.
And then no, no visible means of propulsion. Exactly.
No fault, no heat signal.
Yeah. I mean, so I think it's look and he's a very credible he's is credible.
Right. And, and so, uh.
I mean, not the only one. Yeah. Not everything. I mean,
but what do you think of that? Yeah. Uh, well I think, um,
yeah, I think.
We don't, we here's what I think, I think we, we.
Haven't resolved that issue. We don't know there was no, uh,
uh, final report that gave some sort of conclusive evidence that said,
this is what this identity or this object was. Um,
it is considered still to this day to be an anomaly, perhaps, you know,
they don't, they just know clarification,
which is interesting and all by itself. And again,
kind of goes back to this look, we, the only intelligent people. No,
but do I think that the government is capable all
these years of holding a secret like that? No, I really don't. I think there's,
there's a much like with MK ultra or anything else,
I get eventually hits the fan stuff comes out and I don't think the
I'm not one of those. And I, I say this and I'm sure a lot of people disagree,
but, uh,
I just don't think that the government's capable of keeping secrets for the
longterm. Certainly not at this magnitude. Um,
but I think there are certainly things that have happened that we, uh,
can't explain and, and one of them would be the setting by Fravor. Yeah. Yeah.
So, um, but materials, you know, materials that,
that aren't, uh, you know, uh,
from earth look, hits the earth from space all the time.
And that qualifies as a material.
That is not found. Right. Well, okay.
They said they've recovered crafts, not from this world.
Yeah.
I'd like to I'd I would want to sit down with the individual saying that and
say, okay, clarify.
This. Please want to take them to one of them brothel. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
I absolutely, I sit there with the CD behind that mirror. It was like, okay,
man, do what you really say, go.
Bring one of those hookers in from the sixties, but now.
No, no, no. Don't do that to her. Or, you know, uh,
no, though, what, what, you know,
what is actually happening and why would they come out with a statement like
that?
Well, I'm going to tell you something it's between you and me, uh,
is a second season of black files declassify. We're going to be looking at that.
Why do you think I do now?
I don't know what the that's that's the big question is why would they say that?
And, um, I don't have an answer for that. I don't, I don't know.
And that's why I say it it's a shocker.
It definitely bears further investigation that goes without saying.
There was a thing that was coming, they would want to prepare people.
And I think if you wanted to prepare people,
the best way to prepare people is to slowly give them signs that some is about
to go down.
And one of the best ways to say we have found things that are not of this
world. Okay. Think about that for a little while. We'll see. In a few months,
a few months, a few months of accepting that without any,
see there's no, there's no event, right? It's just a statement.
What was the exact wording? That's fine. We bring that up. Yeah, here it is.
Yeah. Crashes.
Harry Reed said he believed crashes of vehicles from other worlds had occurred
and that retrieved materials had been studied secretly for decades. Now,
you know, Bob loser, do you know, the story of Bob was our Bibles are,
was in here. And he, he said some things that were ridiculed,
but turned to be turned out to be absolutely true.
One of the things that he said was that there was this element,
this element one 15,
and that they had figured out a way to stabilize this element in these other
planets.
And that's what they used to propel these vehicles with a different kind of
propulsion that manipulated gravity.
And it essentially had some sort of a warp where they, they didn't,
they,
they weren't subject to the same laws of physics with this propulsion system
that we are with what we have, which is just igniting fuel and, you know,
pushing the explosion, pushes the, the rocket right into, into this,
the space, which.
Could explain sort of the, the, the Fravor siding. Yeah.
He, and the way he described these vehicles in the 1980s and the early
1990s is exactly the way favors vehicle worked.
Exactly why, the way the gimbal video worked,
these things for whatever reason they fly one way.
And then they turn sideways. Like, like if you had a plate,
the plate turns up and down and then that's the way it
travels. And then somehow or another that's,
that's how it travels insanely fast that it,
it does something to manipulate gravity around. It sounds super weird,
but the fact that this guy talked about this in the early nineties,
and then this is the exact video, the dependent gon refers to the,
you actually see these objects that they can't explain that don't give off a
heat signal that move in this exact same way at spectacular rates of speed.
And then that's how the tick-tock craft work. Right.
Well, I mean, w yeah, I, I, yeah. It's, yeah,
there's a, there's a leap there necessarily, right. You got to make, I.
Don't want to make that leap either. I know what you're saying for years.
I was like, it's all horse.
Yeah. I mean, I'm not, you know, again, not saying it couldn't happen,
I'm just saying there's certain parts of the cycle. Like, okay,
how are we talking about it? Well, look, Harry Reed was, you know, was, uh,
he was very interested in this stuff. I mean, he, you know, he, uh,
allocated some, some federal funds, uh, to one of his buddies and, and, uh,
Nevada, you know, create a, uh, sort of, uh, a center, you know,
for examining this and for developing space exploration
capabilities. Um, so Harry Reed is certainly interested in us. They,
I talked to Lou Elizondo who ran a tip. Right. And
you don't really get that answer when you say, okay,
Lou was a tip holding on to materials, you know, that,
uh, came from, uh, alien craft. Um,
no.
You know, it wasn't a tip that was involved in that.
Yeah, yeah, no, that's okay. Yeah. I get that. And again, I guess,
I guess what I'm saying is I'm, I'm open to say, yeah, fine. Like anything can,
anything's possible, I suppose, in this world, uh,
things that I do know is it's, you know, it's,
I have a really hard time believing the government could keep this all buttoned
up over a period of time. Um, and, uh,
genuine.
Ridicule factor board that would help. I mean, that's,
that's a part of the whole, thing's about all,
all the UFO stories are so ridiculous.
Well, that's why, um, you know, that's what I set up a trip to begin with,
right. Was so, you know, that they could have sort of a legitimate outlet,
um, and a place for this to go, but yeah, Fravor himself talks about it. Look,
it's not in their best interest to, to get back on the carrier and say,
by the way, we responded unidentified flying objects. Um,
but they did. And, um, yeah. And, and you're right.
So that's the,
the natural tendency is to kind of look the other way or roll your eyes and
that's, and that can act as a deterrent.
Yeah. I, I.
You know, I don't know. I just, but I do think that, um,
it bears further investigation. There's no doubt about that. Um,
and I think that the ATF program, uh,
that the Pentagon was running, you know,
for the minimal cost of that compared to the cost of another air asset, or,
you know, platform of some sort, I think they should have kept it going. Right.
And they should have normalized to some degree because it's in our national
security interest to know, have the Russians,
or have others developed materials, right. Or propulsions,
everybody's working on new propulsion systems, right.
Everybody that has the ability and the resources. So hypersonic craft,
or that's, that's just common, right. That's that's gonna happen.
And whoever wins that particular race is going to be further up the food chain
than everybody else.
So it's in our national interest to be exploring any
legitimate or potentially legitimate citing to understand what that is.
That doesn't mean you're chasing UFO's or, or sort of spacecraft from,
from other.
It just means you should know what the hell that is or what's out there.
So I'm, I'm a big proponent of that.
I'm just saying also you have to proceed with caution.